I guess this is how it ends.
I thought I was better than this.
Dramatic voiceover while stranded in space.
I guess when you're dying, the first thing to go is your creativity.
Citadel's gone.
And the saucer we escaped in is out of power.
Oh man, I'm so scared in here.
The extra morties went feral.
Some problems solved themselves.
Been drinking a lot.
Morty, I told you to write this down.
I don't have a helmet like that Avengers guy did.
Been drinking a lot of my piss.
Portal gun still broken.
I guess that was all part of Evil Morty's plan.
Evil Morty, can we stop flattering this guy?
His plan was to monologue and f*** off.
He basically threw a tantrum to announce he was quitting Twitter.
Nobody quits Twitter.
Hey, remember like a second ago when you pretended not to know who Iron Man was?
Who was that for?
Shush, shush, shush Morty.
This is how we go.
Bear it with grace.
Spinal cord.
Robotusin has a base, then surprise me.
Mom!
Beth, maybe.
Is she trying to say something?
We can't hear you.
How dumb are...
Beth, you're in a vacuum.
Sound travels on air.
Why am I yelling?
Wow, great.
That's... wow. Really worth it.
That was not worth it.
It's corny. You.
Corn.
Dying of starvation here.
Oh my god, stop explaining.
Stop explaining!
Are you finished?
She's not finished.
Oh, real mature.
Real classy.
Smile for me, please.
Smile for me.
It was a good line, honey.
I didn't need it to be. I don't care what you think.
Oh my god, she found you. Here, eat. Eat.
Oh hell yes!
Hold on buddy, our systems could go into shock from some reason.
from solid food.
Digestibot, convert to nutrient mass.
TURN THEM ON
I'm just gonna risk it.
Since when do you guys get stranded?
Thank you, by the way.
Almost left them out there.
Portal travel's broken.
Mmm. Are these heirloom tomatoes?
Digestibot, try these.
So you can't have realities anymore?
Does that mean you'll finally have to wash your robe?
Good point. They need to reboot the portal index immediately.
Basically, just a hard reset on the fluid.
Hold tight, the earth's gonna shake a bit.
Uh... Oh.
Oh, shi- Wait, what? What's happening?
Instead of resetting portal travel, I may have reset portal travelers.
Too late to apologize.
Rick, why am I pulsing green?
And don't say you don't know, because you're pulsing green.
Rick, are we about to die?
No, we're about to vanish from this reality.
That's totally died.
No it isn't.
It's everyone from this reality returning to their reality of origin.
Back to our original universes.
I explained it fine, Morty. You're spoon-feeding spoons.
Where's Summer?
Oh, nice. You guys are back.
Whoa.
Summer, three of us are one-way blind-hopping.
You gotta help us get back.
There's a protocol for this in your chore server.
File name, BoogerAid.
Every file is BoogerAid.
I-I hate naming things.
Just search for words like one-way blind-hop, reset, nap, beacon.
Why do I have a reality of origin?
There's no time to explain, Jerry.
Counting on you, Summer.
One-way blind-hop beacon protocol.
Here we gooooo!
So there was time to explain.
Don't waste extra precious seconds with your pettiness, Jerry.
Summer, let's run down.
One-way blind-hop, reset, beacon BoogerAids.
Cool.
Wow.
There was so much time to explain.
Yes, fine.
Hindsight is 20-20.
Who has ever taken this long to vanish?
How did I end up not in my own universe?
Oh my God.
The Jerry Burree.
Oh, the Jerry Burree.
Deep cut.
Wait, but where's our real dad and our real Morty?
Buried in the backyard?
That's what the possums are after.
Dad's got you in the family business too, huh?
Yeah, Morty's an easy mark, but Rick pays me and things like...
Wolverine Claws.
Well, looks like you got this.
See you guys in another two years?
Or you could stick around for this one.
Looks like it involves Grandpa's groty citadel.
We could, you know, break things, loot stuff.
Should probably get back to saving the galaxy.
Please?
Uh, yes, I could loot some stuff.
Fine, yeah, okay.
Let's make it quick.
Awesome.
I've never been.
Let's do this, okay?
Adventure family.
Woo-hoo!
Uh, okay.
F***.
Excuse me?
Bro, Rick's don't pass on this.
Rick, is that you?
Yeah, Diane.
You've been gone so long.
Did you find our daughter's killer?
Not yet. Sorry. Still looking.
Don't find him.
You always do everything you set your mind to.
Except keep your family alive, but that was hardly your fault.
Mute.
If I could be muted, I wouldn't be too, too good at haunting you, would I, you dirty bitch?
Yeah, forgot I wanted to be haunted.
I guess you predicted you might.
That's where haunting comes in handy, huh?
Very good point, sugar.
Rick?
Hello?
Original family?
Sorry about last time.
Rick, he was in space prison.
We couldn't just... hello?
Oh, jeez.
Oh.
Ah, f***.
Dammit, Morty. There's no doctors anymore.
Dead?
Figures it's underwhelming the one time I visit.
Yeah, sorry.
Usually there's cowboy wrecking Mortys and stuff.
That looks like they could use a couple repairmen, Rick and Morty, right?
Oh, tight, little scavenger dudes.
If they shoot at us, I'm allowed to have...
Dude.
It's f***ing yeah.
Space mom, get in on this.
Cool mom.
Let's keep it moving. I don't have all day.
I got it.
I got it. I got it.
Sorry.
I got it. Sorry.
I was gonna do it.
Terrestrials, am I right?
I kept up the search in your absence.
You want a new list of potential locations?
You're always just one room away, huh?
Yeah. Uh, remember?
You thought if you could see or touch me,
it might give you a level of come, come, comfort.
Right. Can't have that.
Come on, Summer.
Who's Summer?
Should I be jealous?
I hope Summer knows what happens to the people you love.
Hey, Rick.
Hey, Mr. Goldman Bachmajorian.
He's just still alive, huh? What's up?
I was wondering if you could help me make sense of a note I found this morning.
It's written by someone claiming to be me.
They say my mind is held captive in a time loop,
trapped in the day of a traumatic event
by the agony of a formidable intelligence,
but also that my captor forgot about aging,
that my body spoils and yearns for death while my soul remains stuck in place,
caught like a fly in amber.
Right. I used to drink, drink.
Uh, no clue, pal.
That's okay. I found other notes in the trash just like it.
Poor weirdo. I pity them.
Wish they could let go and move on.
Sounds healthy.
Sure would be.
Oh!
Sweet death!
Was that symbolic?
Are you letting go?
I understand, baby.
I forgive you.
You don't get to say that. You're not her.
You're a thing I built to torture myself.
This whole f**king timeline is cursed.
I gotta get out of here.
Because you want to move on.
Because I don't.
And I have to.
I came back on accident.
The guy I'm looking for, he's not findable, Diane.
I live with the version of Beth now.
Sounds like a version of nice.
We have grandkids. That's who Summer is.
She's gonna get me out of here.
She reminds me of you.
Oh, really? Is she dead, too?
Bye, Diane.
You're not honestly gonna fly into that rift without coordinates, are you?
Don't give up on us, Rick.
I don't make the rules. Haunter's gonna haunt.
Baby? Are you killing yourself?
I'm more embracing the win-win of risking my life.
Where's Mom and Summer?
Oh, they're gone. Sorry, Morty.
Gone? Gone?
We spent a long time in that ice.
A gentle mutant licked us out, but Beth got sick, and Summer didn't thaw right.
With no one left to blame, I finally had to deal with myself.
I was a noble. Four agreements.
He'd pray love. Frank Miller's The Dark Knight returns.
Learn to accept things for what they are.
In a few of these, the whole brain is still intact.
Makes you wonder if some people were still in there, just trapped in the horror.
Anyway, it's awesome, protein.
I'm so sorry, Dad, but my real original dad beat the apocalypse.
I guess we all underestimated you.
Hey, what's that game we always used to try to play as a family?
The one we never finished?
The one we played downbeat.
Yes, let's play downbeat. I bet I can find it. We can finish now.
Yeah, you should totally do that.
Hey, yeah, cool. I got it.
We'll play downbeat, and we'll camp here tonight, and then rebuild the house.
You know, we got food, fresh water, and we've got family. The f***.
Morty, I wrote this note in advance in case you're wondering how I left so fast.
I'm going to wait for you to turn your back, then I'm going to grab all your shit and split.
Depending on how long you're out of the room, you'll probably be thinking,
I can't be that far away, and you'll want to f***.
Morty wrote this fast, because had to set trap, thought you'd have cooler shit.
See other note by...
Mother f***!
Whoa, whoa, slow down, slow down!
No, cool!
What the hell, Dad?
Don't take it personal, Morty. It's one of the four agreements.
I don't remember the other three, but I know Commissioner Gordon was cool with Batman moving on.
Batman doesn't abandon people!
You abandoned us?
I deserve that, but you know, it improved you.
Oh, am I cool enough for you now?
That was easy. It only cost me f***ing everything.
Whoa, hey, I...
You came back and talked about us like we weren't people, Morty,
then you bailed and left us to freeze!
I was apologizing for that earlier.
Your mom and sister died, Morty!
And I moved on from caring, and that is the best deal you will ever get.
So take it.
Please don't go! If Rick comes back, we can find you a new reality!
A new mom, a new summer, a job!
You don't get it, kid.
Except for this conversation, my life is perfect.
Rick was always right. Everyone needs to let go.
Oh, you came back!
I guess we really did form a bond.
Ow! Hey, stop it! Get away from me!
No! Help!
Alright, pin dropped, Grandpa. Come and get us.
Come on, come on, come on!
Baby, something to keep in mind.
If you were pulled home by whatever happened, it's likely our target was as well.
It's also likely he's having as much trouble leaving as you are.
He's trapped.
Grandpa!
Oh, f*** yes!
They have some breadcrumbs!
Summer! Gold star, always believed in you.
And now the hard part.
Hard part?
Three worst things in me can see that beacon too.
Hunker down and protect it while I grab Morty.
Rick out. Try to survive.
Oh, sh**.
Domestic mom should hide, maybe.
Domestic mom? I mean, she's a cool spaceman.
Look, I'm not looking to get caught in whatever this is.
You guys can both hide and maybe cash it out.
Oh, quit talking down. I'm you with the patience to do laundry.
Mom, stop being jealous of our bond!
She ran from our choices. I have to parent them.
It's not like I didn't care. That's what the clone was for.
Ah!
Mom!
Mordy, did you see another Rick here?
Non-descript haircut, sci-fi jacket.
Of course you didn't see him. You'd be dead.
Or you'd be a bomb.
Do you feel, Bombie?
You would have blown up by now.
Wasn't the Rick here dead?
That's why you picked places, right?
Uh, well, your Rick, uh, yeah. Not dead.
More like, not around.
When I met you, I was sort of hoping he might turn up one day.
You son of a bitch, I got you!
Where are we going?
To kill your grandpa, little buddy.
Wait, what?
I don't understand.
My original Rick killed your family?
And you were just waiting for him to come back?
Seems like you understand fine, Mordy.
That was A plus re-piping.
We're here.
This guy, Mordy, he hates being found,
but loves building elaborate shit.
Like, like, like playing a ton of Minecraft,
but all on a private server.
Am I in a f***ing k-hole right now?
What is going on?
Whoa! You found me!
I shoot the first monitor, too.
Listen, I'm not here.
Or am I?
There's the clone you found,
or maybe it's me all naked.
Just a little Kaiser's sose.
I mean, why would I admit it's not?
Oh, yeah, look at him.
Look at him go.
Look at him dance.
Or me.
Again, it might be me,
but like a saw thing.
I'm very sneaky.
Here's a bunch of killbots to deal with
while you wrestle with that.
Obviously, I don't know who I'm talking to here.
It's all pre-recorded.
But if you got this far,
you probably think you're real special.
Tell you what.
Look, there he goes.
Maybe that actually was me.
And if you follow him down there,
we can do a big fight.
50% chance I'm not lying.
We're in trouble, asshole.
I should f***ing beg.
Wait, my moms are in trouble.
Those versions of them are...
Really gotta save them.
This is an obvious way to get them out.
I'm not going to let them die.
Rick, this is an obvious trap.
If you go down there,
he's just gonna kill you.
Good.
What?
Now what?
You don't care if you die.
Why do you care if I die?
Knock it off.
Get out of here.
You did this last season.
You're like a suicide bomber.
Takes one to no one?
Yeah, well, you get it from him,
not me.
I don't know him.
You're my grandpa, Rick.
Rick and Morty, 100 years.
This place totally might go up, by the way.
Here's a bunch of countdowns.
One of them's probably accurate.
Ah, f***ing stupid 5th dimensional stomach juices.
Sorry for the sitcom fight,
and maybe getting us digested.
You've got incredible timing.
Oh, don't be a bitch.
I'm parenting.
Makes sense you don't recognize it.
You've been out of practice for a while.
Good.
I'm glad they have you.
I don't want to be Space Mom.
You've made that clear.
Just don't let Summer mistake your rejection of her
for good taste.
I'm not trying to.
It's all her.
Jesus, it'd be cool if you were a round more.
I don't want to get married.
I'm 17.
My affection is the win.
Don't try to compete for it.
I could hear every word of that through the helmets.
Thank f***, I only had to kill most of them.
Jesus, that chip really has sailed.
And now, we face...
This emergency was oversold to me.
Rick, Morty!
Mom's!
Wait, if they had to wear helmets...
I do child-proofing stuff while you're asleep.
Why don't you child-proof Dad?
Great reminder.
Wait, ugh.
Time to get Jerry.
Maybe I wouldn't be so uptight if I wasn't married to an
unemployed receptacle of human fear.
Get a job, Dad.
It's been a decade.
Pretty brutal, Jer.
I know a good alligator park if you want to kill yourself.
I got expelled today.
What the hell, boy?
You got expelled?
You're so f***ing dumb.
Hi, hun.
Oh, Rick.
Oh, some real season 2 vibes in there.
You know what I'm saying?
You know?
Never thought I'd say this, but I think I'm glad we spent that
time divorced.
One second.
What the f***?
You set the backyard!
You know, I may technically be from here, but I'm a goddamn
interdimensional traveler now, and all of you can kiss my
sci-fi ass.
Wow, what an amazing joke I just told.
And also, what an adventure.
You know, I guess it doesn't matter where we're from if we're
together, huh?
Good, good final moral thing.
This is everyone's original dimension now.
Great wrap-ups, kids.
Ugh, you're back.
Oh, s***, season 2, Jeri.
Look, before you bust my balls, can someone help with this
shower?
It's colder than Beth on our anniversary.
Also, look who I found in Rick's room.
Mmm, I'm Mr. Frundles.
I don't care how cutie he is, we agreed, no boogins in the
house.
Wait, season 2, Jeri, don't...
Oh, whoa!
Mr. Frundles.
Everybody in the car.
Mmm, I'm Mr. Frundles.
Wait, but I thought he was Mr. Frundles.
Everybody in the car, now!
Mmm, I'm Mr. Frundles.
I'm Mr. Frundles.
What the f***, Dad?
Why would you bring that thing into our house?
It was cute, f***.
We gotta find a new timeline now.
You know how hard that shit is without portals?
We gotta do the thing with the rift and the beacon again, the
whole f***ing episode, all over again.
Car, fabricate some vomit bags.
Can't we just go back and fix it?
Oh...
I'm Mr. Frundles.
I can't believe portal travel's broken.
I'll get to it when I get to it.
Lift with your knees, Mom.
How many times have you done this?
No.
Oh, God.
And you swear they die of natural causes?
Mm-hmm, yep.
The exact same as our old timeline, even my stuff?
Bit of a rush job, actually, so they do say Parmesan weird.
How do they say...
Parmeasian.
Oh, God.
I could have left you guys.
You think the concept of family matters to me?
I'm not even your Rick.
Uh-huh.
I'm denial Rick.
So inside, Dad.
Sorry, I was such a dance mom about summer.
She's your daughter, too.
No, boundaries are good.
But speaking of, maybe I've put up too many.
It's okay if I come around sometimes.
That could be nice.
That's a cute outfit.
The one we always wear?
Yes, Morty.
You promise I'm not, you know, bait to make that Rick come back?
What, Morty?
For you to be bait, the guy'd have to value something.
He truly does not give a shit.
He's the real deal.
Parmeasian.
Gross.
I hate it.
Hello?
Morty?
That one big rat?
Oh, this is a development.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, little guy.
Easy.
You're a Jerry, right?
Never got too close to the concept.
Boy, you have really arced out.
Were you putting on pants?
What?
Oh, yeah.
No, I was naked to fuck with the guy.
Speaking of, did you talk to me or a little kid around here?
Maybe.
Why?
Because if you hate them, too, I could be down for a little team-up.
I really don't team up anymore.
Managing people, such a headache.
Fatality.
Jerry wins.
Goddamn, dude, bad ass.
Why are you here?
Buddy, I have been asking myself that exact same question.
Did you get any of that?